Add: note on accept headers. (#5271)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/api-developers-guide.md

    }
    ```

**Note:** All API calls are made in the same way, by making standard HTTP calls, using JSON, a content-type, and your API token. Please note that the JSON examples shown in this document are not comprehensive and may contain additional JSON response fields not shown in the example, based on user input and fields.

### Accept Header
{: #accept-header }

> It is recommended to specify an accept header in your API requests. The majority

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended that you specify an accept header in your API requests. The majority
```

of API endpoints will return JSON by default, but some endpoints (primarily API
v1) return EDN if no accept header is specified.

> To return formatted JSON, include a `text/plain` header like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To return formatted JSON, include a `text/plain` header like the example shown below:
```
